I'm also honored to have the greatest temperament that anybody has.
I alone can fix it.
I think I am, actually humble. I think I'm much more humble than you would understand.
The beauty of me is that I'm very rich.
I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.
All of the women on 'The Apprentice' flirted with me—consciously or unconsciously. That's to be expected.
Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest—and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure. It's not your fault.
My fingers are long and beautiful, as, it has been well been documented, are various other parts of my body.
He referred to my hands, if they're small, something else must be small. I guarantee you there's no problem. I guarantee it.
We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump.
I will tell you at the time. I’ll keep you in suspense, OK?
I've had a beautiful, I've had a flawless campaign. You'll be writing books about this campaign.
You know what I wanted to. I wanted to hit a couple of those speakers so hard. I would have hit them. No, no. I was going to hit them, I was all set and then I got a call from a highly respected governor...I was gonna hit one guy in particular, a very little guy. I was gonna hit this guy so hard his head would spin and he wouldn’t know what the hell happened...I was going to hit a number of those speakers so hard their heads would spin, they’d never recover. And that’s what I did with a lot—that’s why I still don’t have certain people endorsing me: they still haven’t recovered.
I think the only card she has is the women's card. She has got nothing else going. Frankly, if Hillary Clinton were a man, I don't think she would get 5% of the vote. And the beautiful thing is women don't like her, ok?
I don't think I'm going to lose, but if I do, I don't think you're ever going to see me again, folks. I think I'll go to Turnberry and play golf or something.
I think you'd have riots. I think you'd have riots. I'm representing many, many millions of people. In many cases first-time voters...If you disenfranchise those people? And you say, well, I'm sorry, you're 100 votes short, even though the next one is 500 votes short? I think you'd have problems like you've never seen before. I wouldn't lead it, but I think bad things will happen.
We won with poorly educated. I love the poorly educated.
I could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody, and I wouldn't lose any voters, okay? It's, like, incredible.
I know where she went—it’s disgusting, I don’t want to talk about it. No, it’s too disgusting. Don’t say it, it’s disgusting.
I don’t think I’ve made mistakes. Every time somebody said I made a mistake, they do the polls and my numbers go up, so I guess I haven't made any mistakes.
We need a leader that wrote 'The Art of the Deal.'
I think the only difference between me and the other candidates is that I'm more honest and my women are more beautiful.
'You do know you just attacked a Gold Star family?' one adviser warned Trump
Trump didn’t know what a Gold Star family was: 'What’s that?' he asked.
Why can’t we use nuclear weapons?
[Vladimir Putin] is not going into Ukraine, OK, just so you understand. He’s not gonna go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down. You can put it down.
I’m speaking with myself, number one, because I have a very good brain and I’ve said a lot of things.
I'll tell you, it's Big Business. If there is one word to describe Atlantic City, it's Big Business. Or two words—Big Business. 
Trump Steaks, where are the steaks? Do we have steaks? We have Trump Steaks.
When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're sending people that have lots of problems...they're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime. They're rapists. 
That makes me smart.
I'm not a schmuck. Even if the world goes to hell in a handbasket, I won't lose a penny. 
I sort of hope that happens because then people like me would go in and buy. If there is a bubble burst, as they call it, you know you could make a lot of money.
I don't care. It's a long time ago. And he voted that way and they were also misled. A lot of information was given to people…
Donald Trump at the third presidential debate: Nobody respects women more than me.
Three minutes later: Such a nasty woman.
I sorta get away with things like that.
Believe me, she would not be my first choice, that I can tell you.
You know I’m automatically attracted to beautiful—I just start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait. And when you’re a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the p**sy. You can do anything.
You know, it really doesn't matter what [the media] write as long as you've got a young and beautiful piece of ass. 
There has to be some form of punishment…you go back to a position like they had where they would perhaps go to illegal places, but we have to ban it.
Women: You have to treat them like s**t. 
A person who is very flat chested is very hard to be a 10. 
I don’t even know some of those statements. I don’t even know what they are. Nobody respects women more than I do.
She had a pen in her hand, which Secret Service is not liking because they don’t know what it is, whether it’s a little bomb.
She’s not a baby. She was grabbing me. Am I supposed to press charges against her?
40 Wall Street actually was the second-tallest building in downtown Manhattan...And now it’s the tallest.
I wrote this out, and it's very close to my heart. Because I was down there and I watched our police and our firemen down at 7/11, down at the World Trade Center right after it came down. And I saw the greatest people I've ever seen in action.
I don’t think anybody knows it was Russia that broke into the DNC. [Clinton’s] saying Russia, Russia, Russia, but I don’t—maybe it was. I mean, it could be Russia, but it could also be China. It could also be lots of other people. It also could be somebody sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds, OK?” —in the first presidential debate, Sept. 26, 2016
Russia, if you’re listening, I hope you’re able to find the 30,000 emails that are missing. I think you will probably be rewarded mightily by our press.—calling on Russian espionage services to intervene in the U.S. election and help sabotage Hillary Clinton. The emails in question were deemed personal, but Trump had previously said he thinks they contain sensitive intelligence, meaning that Trump is hoping Vladimir Putin gains access to classified U.S. government information, July 27, 2016
I was shocked to hear [Vladimir Putin] mention the N-word. You know what the N-word is. Number one he doesn’t like him and number two he doesn’t respect him. I think he’s going to respect your president if I’m elected and I hope he likes me.
Hillary Clinton…started the birther controversy. I finished it.
I have people that have been studying [Obama's birth certificate] and they cannot believe what they're finding...I would like to have him show his birth certificate, and can I be honest with you, I hope he can. Because if he can't, if he can't, if he wasn't born in this country, which is a real possibility…then he has pulled one of the great cons in the history of politics.
I am really honored frankly to have played such a big role in hopefully, hopefully, getting rid of this issue. We have to look at it, we have to see is it real, is it proper, what's on it, but I hope it checks out beautifully. I am really proud, I am really honored.
Let me tell you, I'm a really smart guy. I was a really good student at the best school in the country. The reason I have a little doubt, just a little, is because he grew up and nobody knew him.
I think what we should do is—she goes around with armed bodyguards like you have never seen before. I think that her bodyguards should drop all weapons. They should disarm. Right? Right? I think they should disarm—immediately. What do you think? Yes? Yes. Yeah. Take their guns away! She doesn't want guns. Take their—let's see what happens to her.
If she gets to pick her judges—nothing you can do, folks. Although, the Second Amendment people. Maybe there is. I don’t know.
I love the old days, you know? You know what I hate? There's a guy totally disruptive, throwing punches, we're not allowed punch back anymore....I'd like to punch him in the face, I'll tell ya.
There may be somebody with tomatoes in the audience. If you see somebody getting ready to throw a tomato, knock the crap out of them, would you? Seriously. Okay? Just knock the hell—I promise you, I will pay for the legal fees.
That was so great. Who was the person who did that? Put up your hand, put up your hand. Bring that person up here. I love that.
The press is now going, they're saying, 'Oh but there's such violence.' No violence. You know how many people have been hurt at our rallies? I think, like, basically none except maybe somebody got hit once. It's a love fest. These are love fests. And every once in a while…somebody will stand up and they'll say something.…It’s a little disruption, but there's no violence. There's none whatsoever.
I’ve been treated very unfairly by this judge. Now, this judge is of Mexican heritage. I'm building a wall, OK? I'm building a wall.
How about bringing baskets of money into Iraq? I want to know—who were the soldiers who had that job? I want to know who were the soldiers that had that job, ’cause I think they’re living well right now, whoever they may be.
His father was with Lee Harvey Oswald prior to Oswald's being—you know, shot. I mean, the whole thing is ridiculous. What is this, right prior to his being shot, and nobody even brings it up. They don't even talk about that. That was reported, and nobody talks about it.
There were people that were cheering on the other side of New Jersey, where you have large Arab populations. They were cheering as the World Trade Center came down.